1
This is going to be pretty similar to what Menolith said , but it comes down to the brain . Human hearts can be stopped and started , organs can fail and be replaced , but the brain is the big one . If a heart stops beating , no fresh blood gets to the brain , which means no oxygen . After so long without oxygen , brain cells start to freak out , and die . When a person has a certain type of stroke , starving their brain of oxygen , those brains cells will self - destruct as well ( after doing this weird thing where they start firing like crazy first ... ) . Similarly , lots of illness and organ failures , etc , will kill a person by depriving them of oxygen or brain function , in a weird way . Pneumonia , toxins poisoning the blood , anything that causes cardia arrest , massive organ failure , etc .... eventually , the brain stops working . Now , as to why we ca n't revive it : those brain cells die . It 's not a matter of turning on a switch and lighting the brain back up ( like we can sort of do with a heart ) . It 's that what we would want to turn on and light back up is n't there anymore . Think of a tree 's leaf -- in the autumn , it shrivels and falls . If brain cells are like leaves , then when they shrivel and fall , putting more water on the tree wo n't bring those leaves back . The difference is that trees can grow more leaves -- we ca n't grow new brain cells . Please let me know if I can make it more clear :) I can try to find some sources to back up some of the information if you want too .

2
All life forms we know today , has the need of water . It is used as a means of transporting other essentials to every part of an organism . Water is a simple matter , consisting of only 3 small atoms : hydrogen and oxygen . And it is also chemically neutral . It does n't react with other matter ( under normal circumstances ) . Yet it still has dissolving properties that allows it to contain other elements and still be a liquid . That 's about the nutshell of it .

3
Hello and Welcome to ‘Ask A Doctor’ service. I have reviewed your query and here is my advice. I would explain that the numbness on your left leg does not seem to be related to any cardiac disorders. It could be related to a pinched nerve or partial epilepsy seizures. For this reason, I would recommend consulting with a neurologist for a physical exam and some tests:- a resting ECG- a lumbar spine X-ray study for possible bulging disc in this region- nerve conduction studies. If suspicions of seizures are raised, an EEG may be needed. You should discuss with your doctor on the above tests. Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards, Dr. Iliri

4
Because light is massless . As an analogy for this , get yourself some rocks . Get a big rock you can barely push across the ground , one you can barely carry , one you can heft , and then a pebble . How much energy would it take for you to get each of these moving at ten mph without any tools ? The big rock would be mostly impossible . The one you can carry might be doable briefly , if you ran with it . The rock you can heft you can either Chuck to hit that speed or run with , and the pebble you can throw . What you 're seeing here is that as you reduce mass , things get easier to move . Well light has no mass , so it is essentially the easiest to move . This is a very simplified version of things , obviously .

5
Imagine a 2D Printer ( Ink on paper ) , Now imagine it doing that hundreds of times going up one layer at a time . But instead of printing Ink on paper it can either melt the plastic underneath it , or print a thin strand of ABS plastic . The implications of printing guns is that the serial numbers that normal gun manufacturers print on the guns and register into the system does n't need to be done via the printing company doing the gun because it is just an agreement with Police / Government and the gun Company . So there is the fact that you can have untraceable guns and also the fact that you can do it at home , buy a few rounds and then shoot wherever and the police would only know you bought rounds . Many implications but those are the first few .

6
There are three things to consider when thinking about dissolution . The solvent ’s ( water ’s ) interaction with itself ( among nearby water molecules ) , the solute ’s ( salt or sugar ’s ) interaction with itself , and the interaction between the solvent and the solute . In order to dissolve , this last interaction must be strong enough to overcome the first two . If this is the case , then the salt / sugar ions / molecules can break out of the rigid structure they assume in the solid state , and water molecules can move to surround them , forming stabilizing interactions . So what ’s basically happening is the solute molecules are becoming surrounded by water molecules in such a way that they can move around freely like a liquid rather than being “ locked ” in the solid state , which is much more rigid . And solutes wo n’t evaporate with water unless they have a high vapor pressure or low boiling point . You can leave some salt or sugar water out in the sun for a while and you ’ll end up with a container of salt or sugar crystals .

7
It is a safe bet to assume that Germany is also spying on us . Or really any country . Countries keep tabs on each other . I actually kind of wonder if other countries call us out on it to bolster their own populations approval rating . Or if they are saying no fair you 're spending more on spying than anyone else .

8
Imagine you have a cardboard box of 1 cubic metre . You put it on a scale and it weighs 1 kg . You then invite a journalist to report about your cardboard box , which is awesome . You tell the journaliast that it weighs 1 kg and measures 1 meter in every direction . The journalist then writes an article titled " Cardboard box discovered that is lighter than air " , because the cardboard box only weighs 1 kg , and a cubic metre of air weighs 1,3 kg . The headline ignores the fact that the cardboard box is itself filled with air , that also weighs something . However , air normally does not show up on a scale so the air in the cardboard box is ignored . The headline thus comes from comparing apples to oranges : a weight on a scale while ignoring any air is compared to the weight of air , which does not even show up on a scale .

9
It 's interesting that this is such a common question here , yet I 've never seen anyone ask , " How do sitcoms afford to pay the actors , " even though it 's essentially the same question . And the answer is the same , to : advertisers . Companies pay the show to be allowed to air commercials for their product in its time slot . The more popular the show , the more it can charge advertisers .

10
A girl I dated in middle school had really bad narcolepsy , but the teachers always just assumed she just stayed up late and wanted to sleep , so they 'd make her stand up against a wall . This did n't stop her narcolepsy , of course , so they made her stand up away from any support . Within thirty or so minutes , she had collapsed onto the floor , still asleep . After that , the teacher just kinda left her alone .

11
I 'm a Republican . There is no monolithic reason , but here are a few of the biggies : ( 1 ) It 's further government intervention into a market which is already malfunctioning , largely due to other government intervention . ( 2 ) It is having a number of economically destructive unintended ( but foreseeable ) consequences , such as employers reclassifying individuals as part - time workers in order to avoid paying for health insurance . ( 3 ) It 's going to be very expensive , further increasing federal debt and/or taxes . ( The expense comes , in part , from subsidies and in part from the federal back - stop of insurance company losses . ) ( 4 ) By requiring individuals to buy health insurance , it 's an impingement on individual freedom . ( 5 ) The whole mess with forcing employers to pay for contraception when they have a moral and/or religious opposition to it . ( 6 ) The underlying premise that the Federal Government has enough knowledge to restructure such a large part of the US economy . ( This may be a re - statement of # 1 ) . ( 7 ) Republicans generally want to shrink the size of the federal government , not grow it . ( 8) The fact that the President has been using dubious authority and reasoning to waive obligations of the ACA after its enactment .

12
The network is deployed out in segments . Think of it like this - each floor of each building gets its own network , and then the buildings have routers that connect all of those networks together , and then those routers connect to the campus ' data center where there are bigger routers that handle connecting not only the buildings to each other but the entire campus to the Internet at large . As far as the WiFi goes - when you 're deploying a campus - wide network , there will be centralized management of the access points in order to handle things like channel assignments and client management . Every access point is given the same name and to a user looks like seamless coverage , but there will be dozens if not hundreds or thousands of access points blanketing the campus with the same SSID . However , those access points are all going to be working on different channels so as to not overlap signals with each other ( either in the general 1 - 6 - 11 configuration to eliminate channel overlap or in a 1 - 4 - 8 - 11 configuration to simply minimize it ) . As well , the central management of the access points will work to try and prevent a single access point from getting overloaded . Throw 200 people into a lecture hall with one access point and the amount of effective bandwidth for users is going to be quite minimal . But if you have ten access points in and around the lecture hall , the server can force clients to disconnect from one access point and reconnect to another access point with a decent signal strength so that you have people on the edges of the hall connecting to access points in other rooms so that each access point gets 20 users competing for the bandwidth instead of 200 . Access points can be connected in two ways - wired or mesh . If an access point is wired , as most access points in a campus - level network should be , it will have its own dedicated bandwidth that it can serve of either 100 Mbps or 1 Gbps . If the access point is connected in a mesh configuration , bandwidth management becomes more complex because the access point needs to use its radios for both serving clients and getting their traffic upstream . Why does it work better in some places rather than others ? There are a lot of reasons for that . It could be that other users are causing bandwidth congestion - a couple of people connected to the same access point are watching Netflix , so you go to download a file and find that the pool of bandwidth you 're sharing is mostly going to serve them instead of you because their usage is more constant than yours . It could be that there are too many users connected to the access point - wireless bandwidth is a shared pool among the users , so the more users there are the more contention there is to try and use the same bandwidth and the more overhead increases trying to separate everyone 's traffic . And it could be that you 're getting a bad signal - your radio might indicate that you 're getting a good signal power , but the wall between you and the access point might be scattering that signal to hell and back in a way that causes both your device and the access point to have to constantly resend data to ensure it 's being received properly .

13
For the sake of doing this like an ELI5 we will focus on the .coms rather than going into detail on all of the different structures for obscure TLD ( Top level domains ) like .ms , .tv , ... Essentially the companies you buy a domain from ( eg Godaddy - Registrar ) need to speculate on how many domains they will sell per year , and pay that number multiplied by a registration fee ( 7 - 10 $ ) to the larger body ( eg Verisign - Registry ) . So it takes the financial power of a large company to pay the up front cost to the registry . Additionally the Registrars need to follow specific rules and regulations laid out by ICANN ( the regulating body of the industry ) and other financial / procedural standards . Bonus fact : At the origin of the .com , there was only one company ( Network Solutions ) who was both the sole registrar , and the registry . This was later broken up , Verisign essentially purchasing the Registry power , and allowing other companies to set up Registrar functions . Source : Worked for a Domain registrar for a few years .

14
Drying is when the solvents in the paint evaporate out . When the lid is closed the air in the can gets saturated with the solvent . As more evaporates out then more in the air in the can goes back into the solutions . It remains a steady state until you open the the can again .

15
The cost of developing a system that covers more is n't worth it at this point . The unwiped portions are outside the main viewing area so they 're not a danger . For years Mercedes had an articulating single wiper system that covered a good percentage more than the traditional dual wipers . I can only guess , but I suspect the extra expense of that system just was n't worth it .

16
They 're a nonprofit . But if you 're asking why they get a special classification apart from nonprofit status with special exemptions it 's complicated . 1 ) If you have the gov " going through the books " of churches then you open up an issue of infringement of religious expression . Ex : Why this church audited and not the other ? 2 ) It 's partially a layover culturally from the time when the Church was a legitimate counterpart to the State in terms of power . Taxing the Church ? Unthinkable for most of history since the establishment of Christianity . 3 ) Despite what young redditors like presumably you and I are tell you , most people still have some connection to a church or religion in general . The government telling Churches to do anything is a touchy subject . If you want proof look at any attempt by states to require any educational standards in religious schools . This is one of the many , many things that maintain the special status of Churches in the US tax code . I 'm sure there 's a few books about it , which I feel like I need to read now .

17
[ Relevant XKCD ] ( URL_0 ) On a more serious note , the presence of alcohol in beer makes you feel good when you drink it . This makes it very easy to develop a positive perception of its taste . This can translate to similar tastes or alcoholic beverages . Beer also has nutritional value / calories , which also make you feel good , but to a lesser extent .

18
The cost to benefit ratio depends on the application . Before , governments spent money on national pride and competition . High end tourism and space mining by private companies will be the driving forces in the future . If we are to go colonize , we need hard data on a viable destination and a good ship to get us there . That 's a lot of expensive research . Perhaps the James Webb space telescope that is launching in a few years will be able to give us a planetary image that will give us the exploration itch ...

19
I'm an Aussie and I purchased 5 of these properties from 2008 to 2010. I was looking for positive cash flow on properties for not too much upfront investment. The USA property market made sense because of the high Aussie $$ at the time, the depressed property market in the US and the expensive market here.  I used an investment web-site that allowed me to screen properties by yield and after eliminating outliers, went for the city with the highest consistent yield performance. I settled on Toledo, Ohio as it had the highest yields and was severely impacted by the housing crisis. I bought my first property for $18K US which was a little over $17K AUD.  The property was a duplex in great condition in a reasonable location.  Monthly rentals $US900 and rents guaranteed and direct deposited into my bank account every month by section 8.  Taxes $900 a year and $450 a year for water. Total return around $US8,000.   My second property was a short sale in a reasonable area. The asking was $US8K and was a single family in good condition already tenanted.  I went through the steps with the bank and after a few months, was the proud owner of another tenanted, positive cash flow property returning $600 a month gross. Taxes of $600 a year and water about the same.  $US6K NET a year on a property that cost $AUD8K Third and fourth were two single family dwellings in good areas.  These both cost $US14K each and returned $US700 a month each.  $US28K for two properties that gross around $US15K a year.   My fifth property was a tax foreclosure of a guy with 2 kids whose wife had left him and whose friend had stolen the money to repay the property taxes.  He was basically on the bones of his butt and was staring down the barrel of being homeless with two kids.  The property was in great condition in a reasonable part of town.  The property cost me $4K.  I signed up the previous owner in a land contract to buy his house back for $US30K. Payments over 10 years at 7% came out to around $US333 per month.  I made him an offer whereby if he acted as my property manager, i would forgo the land contract payments and pay him a percentage of the rents in exchange for his services. I would also pay for any work he did on the properties.  He jumped at it.  Seven years later, we're still working together and he keeps the properties humming.  Right now the AUD is around 80c US and looks like falling to around 65c by June 2015.  Rental income in Aussie $$ is around $2750 every month. This month (Jan 2015) I have transferred my property manager's house back to him with a quit claim deed and sold the remaining houses for $US100K  After taxes and commission I expect to receive in the vicinity of AUD$120K  Which is pretty good for a $AUD53K investment.  I've also received around $30K in rent a year. I'm of the belief I should be buying when everybody else is selling and selling when everybody else is buying.   I'm on the look-out for my next positive cash flow investment and I'm thinking maybe an emerging market smashed by the oil shock.   I wish you all happiness and success in your investment. Take care. VR

20
Devision by a negative number may be strange when you consider dividing as literally dividing numbers . As an example 6 / 2 would mean you make two piles of 3 . Thus the answer is 3 . This conceptualization does n't function for negative numbers , but it is by no means the only way we can think about division . It is n't even the best way . Division is ( for this discussion at least ) best thought of as simply the inverse of multiplication so ( 6 * 2 ) / 2 = 6 or more generally ( x * y)/y = x. For all values of y other than 0 choosing a different x changes the value of x * y but when y is 0 x * y must always be 0 . This would imply that 0 is the only number that can be divided by 0 . Examining 0/0 we find flaws with it too . We 're trying to remove the multiplication of a 0 . But any information about what the other number was was lost when it was multiplied with 0 .

21
Some History on Hong Kong which may make understanding the current conflicts easier : HK is n't governed the same as Mainland China . HK is a ' special administrative region ' of the PRC ( People 's Republic of China ) . Hong Kong was colonized by the British in the 1800 's . In 1997 Britain handed HK back to the Mainland . But everyone in HK was like ' Whoa , we have a developed society here , the mainland is very much still developing , we should keep things separate until Beijing and the rest of China catches up " and so they said , " OK , HK 's * * judicial * * and * * political * * systems will be governed by the Hong Kong People for 50 years ( Until 2047 ) so we can transition slowly . HK will use the same currency as before ( HK$ ) , and their citizens will continue to carry HK passports . Beijing will protect their borders , etc . Naturally , Hongkongers have some mistrust for how Beijing will honor this 50 year handover plan . You see , Mainland China ( PRC ) is governed by an autocratic government ( a single party ) , the Chinese Communist Party . They do whatever they want in China . Sometime 's it 's in the best interest of the people , sometimes it is n't . The idea of this group gaining control of HK scares the shit out of Hongkongers . They were told they would politically govern themselves for 50 years ! It has n't even been 20 years and they are seeing the autonomy of the political system already compromised . Right now , students are protesting due to Beijing recently declaring only ' pre - approved ' candidates are eligible for Hong Kong 's next election . They are basically getting loud , and protesting to show they will fight to maintain the freedoms they still have .

22
What matters is not the distance that a point on Earth 's surface moves , nor the speed at which it does , but the * * angle * * of the rotation that it makes . The Earth rotates 360 degrees per day ; simple math tells you that this is the same as : 1 . 15 degrees per hour 2 . 1/4 degree per minute And as it turns out , the rotation of 1/4 degree per minute is really easy observe by taking a long exposure photograph : * URL_3 For example , this photo shows how much stars move in the sky in 2 minutes : * URL_2 This is also a common issue with telescopes ; if you point your telescope at a star , the star will move away from the location you 're pointing at , because your telescope rotates with the Earth . For this reason , telescopes are very often put on [ equatorial mounts ] ( URL_0 ) that allow you to easily " follow " the rotation of the Earth . These mounts also often come with a [ " clock drive " ] ( URL_1 ): a motor that rotates the telescope at the same rate as the Earth 's motion , in order to keep it pointing at the same star .

23
Going downhill over a long distance , like coming down a steep canyon road in the mountains , you can burn up your brakes if you are n't careful . I was taught to keep it in a lower gear so the car wo n't speed up as much , and you can save the brakes . Uses more gas , though .

24
The rocket is never pushing against the ground nor the air . Rockets work by ejecting large amounts of exhaust gasses out the back at high speeds ( several times the speed of sound ) . Because that gas has had force exerted on it to accelerate it to those speeds , that force must also act on the rocket in the opposite direction . That 's Newton 's Third Law : For every action , there is an equal and opposite reaction .

25
They actually go through a process of deconflicting where each object is . We know where pretty much every single shred of thing is there in space above the size of a screw , so we place stuff where they are needed and where they can go . Also ... Space is * huge * there is plenty of room up there .

